Update documents for cross-partition scan and import feature (#1301)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/api-guide.md

admin.dropCoordinatorTables(ifExist);
```

### Import a table

You can import an existing table to ScalarDB as follows:

```java
// Import the table "ns.tbl". If the table is already managed by ScalarDB, the target table does not
// exist, or the table does not meet the requirement of ScalarDB table, an exception will be thrown.

> admin.importTable("ns", "tbl");

Reviewer: We have added `Map<String, String> options` as 3rd argument to this method:
```suggestion
admin.importTable("ns", "tbl", options);
```

And we didn't add the argument for the `3` branch. To avoid diverging this doc between `master` and `3`, so we should probably apply the same change for the `3` branch.

Author: Good catch, thank you! Fixed in e3dd00d.

> And we didn't add the argument for the 3 branch. To avoid diverging this doc between master and 3, so we should probably apply the same change for the 3 branch.

I'm OK to use `admin.importTable("ns", "tbl", options)` even in v3.x, but might be confusing for users. If we can just apply it without any other concerns, I can handle it since it's not a big diverge. Should I or not?

Reviewer: Actually, the `importTable()` method was already introduced in 3.10, but it was treated as an experiment feature. Therefore, I think we can also add the `options` argument to the `3` branch.

Author: Ahh, right. Got it. Thank you!

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

##### Execute cross-partition `Scan` without specifying a partition key to retrieve all the records of a table

> You can execute a `Scan` operation across all partitions without specifying a partition key by enabling the following property in the ScalarDB configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can execute a `Scan` operation across all partitions, which we call cross-partition scan, without specifying a partition key by enabling the following property in the ScalarDB configuration.
```

Author: Fixed in e3dd00d.

> You can execute a `Scan` operation across all partitions, which we call cross-partition scan, without specifying a partition key by enabling the following property in the ScalarDB configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can execute a `Scan` operation across all partitions, which we call *cross-partition scan*, without specifying a partition key by enabling the following property in the ScalarDB configuration.
```

Or should the last part be `configuration in the ScalarDB properties file` as follows instead?:

```suggestion
You can execute a `Scan` operation across all partitions, which we call *cross-partition scan*, without specifying a partition key by enabling the following configuration in the ScalarDB properties file.
```

```properties
scalar.db.cross_partition_scan.enabled=true
```

{% capture notice--warning %}
**Attention**

> Except for JDBC databases, we do not recommend enabling cross-partition scan with serializable isolation because it could make the isolation level lower (i.e., snapshot). Use it at your own risk only if the consistency does not matter for your transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do not recommend enabling cross-partition scan with serializable isolation for non-JDBC databases because transactions could be executed with lower isolation (i.e., snapshot). Use it at your own risk only if the consistency does not matter for your transactions.
```

The expression `it could make the isolation level lower ` sounds a bit unclear to me.

BTW, sorry, I don't fully remember the discussion we had before.
So, we decided to only warn in case users use the cross-partition scan with serializable isolation for backward compatibility instead of throwing a runtime exception, don't we?

Author: Thanks for the comment. Fixed in e3dd00d.

> BTW, sorry, I don't fully remember the discussion we had before.
So, we decided to only warn in case users use the cross-partition scan with serializable isolation for backward compatibility instead of throwing a runtime exception, don't we?

At least, we didn't choose to completely disable the cross-partition scan with serializable isolation in v4.0. Disabling it is one idea, but I think it might be useful in some cases regardless of backward compatibility; e.g., users want to basically run transactions in a serializable manner but sometimes run read-only cross-partition scans without changing the setting.

@brfrn169 Do you have any idea?

Reviewer 2: OK, thank you! So, for now, we need to enable it in 3.x for backward-compatibility, and we haven't decided to do so in 4.x (we need to think what we should do for 4.x). Is my understanding correct?

Author: Almost, yes. My understanding is that we will keep warning it as the same as v3.x unless we make a decision to stop the feature in v4.x explicitly.

> We do not recommend enabling the cross-partition scan with serializable isolation for non-JDBC databases because transactions could be executed with lower isolation (i.e., snapshot). Use it at your own risk only if the consistency does not matter for your transactions.

Author: Fixed in de406a2. Thank you for the feedback!

> We do not recommend enabling the cross-partition scan with `SERIALIAZABLE` isolation level for non-JDBC databases because transactions could be executed with lower isolation level (i.e., `SNAPSHOT`). Use it at your own risk only if the consistency does not matter for your transactions.

Reviewer 3: This suggestion is similar to the one I left in a related doc that we are updating for ScalarDB SQL.

```suggestion
For non-JDBC databases, we do not recommend enabling cross-partition scan with the `SERIALIAZABLE` isolation level because transactions could be executed at a lower isolation level (for example, `SNAPSHOT`). Use the `SERIALIAZABLE` isolation level at your own risk only if consistency does not matter for your transactions.
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> You can't specify any filtering conditions and orderings in cross-partition `Scan` except for JDBC databases. See the following section to use cross-partition `Scan` with filtering or ordering for JDBC databases.

Reviewer 3: Added a link here in case the section gets moved later on and becomes difficult for readers to find.

```suggestion
You can't specify any filtering conditions and orderings in cross-partition `Scan` except for when using JDBC databases. For details on how to use cross-partition `Scan` with filtering or ordering for JDBC databases, see [Execute cross-partition `Scan` with filtering and ordering](#execute-cross-partition-scan-with-filtering-and-ordering).
```

{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

##### Execute cross-partition `Scan` with filtering and ordering

> By enabling the cross-partition scan option with filtering and ordering for JDBC databases as follows, you can execute a cross-partition `Scan` operation with flexible conditions and orderings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By enabling the cross-partition scan option with filtering and ordering for JDBC databases as follows, you can execute a cross-partition `Scan` operation with flexible conditions and orderings:
```

```properties
scalar.db.cross_partition_scan.enabled=true
scalar.db.cross_partition_scan.filtering.enabled=true
scalar.db.cross_partition_scan.ordering.enabled=true

> ```

Reviewer 4: It seems that the description of this parameter is added to ScalarDB SQL document in PR https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-sql/pull/347.

However, I think it might be better to add descriptions in the `docs/configurations.md` on the ScalarDB (`scalardb` repository) side since we can use related API in the ScalarDB core API.

What do you think?

Author: Definitely, I will revise both.

Author: Fixed in 6726530.

You can call the `where()` and `ordering()` methods after calling the `all()` method to specify arbitrary conditions and orderings as follows:

```java
// Create a `Scan` operation with arbitrary conditions and orderings.
Scan scan =
    Scan.newBuilder()
        .namespace("ns")
        .table("tbl")
        .all()
        .where(ConditionBuilder.column("c1").isNotEqualToInt(10))
        .projections("c1", "c2", "c3", "c4")
        .orderings(Scan.Ordering.desc("c3"), Scan.Ordering.asc("c4"))
        .limit(10)
        .build();

// Execute the `Scan` operation.
List<Result> results = transaction.scan(scan);
```

> As an argument of the `where()` method, you can specify a condition, an and-wise condition set, or an or-wise condition set. After calling the `where()` method, you can add more conditions or condition sets using the `and()` method or `or()` method as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As an argument of the `where()` method, you can specify a condition, an and-wise condition set, or an or-wise condition set. After calling the `where()` method, you can add more conditions or condition sets by using the `and()` method or `or()` method as follows:
```

```java
// Create a `Scan` operation with condition sets.
Scan scan =
    Scan.newBuilder()
        .namespace("ns")
        .table("tbl")
        .all()
        .where(
            ConditionSetBuilder.condition(ConditionBuilder.column("c1").isLessThanInt(10))
                .or(ConditionBuilder.column("c1").isGreaterThanInt(20))
                .build())
        .and(
            ConditionSetBuilder.condition(ConditionBuilder.column("c2").isLikeText("a%"))
                .or(ConditionBuilder.column("c2").isLikeText("b%"))
                .build())
        .limit(10)
        .build();
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> In the `where()` condition method chain, the conditions must be an and-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `OrConditionSet` (so-called conjunctive normal form) like the above example or an or-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `AndConditionSet` (so-called disjunctive normal form).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the `where()` condition method chain, the conditions must be an and-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `OrConditionSet` (known as conjunctive normal form) like the above example or an or-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `AndConditionSet` (known as disjunctive normal form).
```

> In the `where()` condition method chain, the conditions must be an and-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `OrConditionSet`  (so-called conjunctive normal form) like the above example or an or-wise junction of `ConditionalExpression` or `AndConditionSet`  (so-called disjunctive normal form).

Author: Fixed in 6726530.

{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

> For more details of available conditions and condition sets, see the `ConditionBuilder` and `ConditionSetBuilder` page in the [Javadoc](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.scalar-labs/scalardb/latest/index.html) of the version of ScalarDB that you're using.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more details about available conditions and condition sets, see the `ConditionBuilder` and `ConditionSetBuilder` page in the [Javadoc](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.scalar-labs/scalardb/latest/index.html) of the version of ScalarDB that you're using.
```
